[Music]
hey what's up guys
today i'll show you a romantic fantasy
film upside down
spoiler ahead watch out and take care
somewhere in a far mysterious galaxy two
sister planets orbit each other in close
proximity with the unique dual gravity
which can only pull the objects of the
planet that they come from
humans colonize these two planets and
thus form two worlds
which are supposed to be the same
however together with the human
colonists
an intensive hierarchy system is brought
to the two planets
where the upper world is rich and
prosperous with modern buildings
while the lower one is poor and pretty
shabby
people living in the town are not
allowed to have any contact with the
upper world
unless they work for the trans world
company the only official physical
connection linking the two worlds
the transworld company is run by the
upper world and makes its
profits by turning the cheap oil
obtained from the down into electricity
and selling it back to people in the
down at a high price
someday an explosion happens to the oil
refinery plant in the down world
resulting in a massive catastrophe and
the death of adam's parents
because of that adam is sent to an
orphanage at a very young age
but almost every week he visits his
great aunt the only thing relative to
him in this world
and enjoys his favorite flying pancakes
from his ant
which is made of pink pollen gathered by
bees from both
worlds near the saint mountain that
reaches very close to the upper world
when adam is a little boy he used to
play there
and meets the girl eden sunday who is
from the upper world
these young two are attracted by each
other and develop a relationship soon
due to the gravity each time they want a
date adam drags eden secretly down to
his side with a rope
they kiss passionately on the mountain
top and enjoy a wonderful stroll in the
woods
where their body weight is offset by
their respective gravity
someday however while adam is sending
eden back to the upper world
the approaching police in the down
discover the suspicious tube
and shoot adam who's injured in his arm
and drops a rope suddenly too to the
great pain causing eden to fall into the
upper world
lying motionless in the heavy snow
later his aunt is arrested with her home
burned down as punishment for her
improper custody
adam is overwhelmed and falls into great
sorrow for the loss of his lover and the
family member
10 years later based on his constant
research on the magic pollen
adam finds a way to overcome gravity and
is developing an
anti-gravity product that is supposed to
be used to remove people's wrinkles on
their face
but the product seems unable to last
long
frustrated by the failure though adam
notices a girl showing up at a tv
commercial
is actually eden who has become an
employee of the trans world company
feeling excited by that adam rekindles
his hope of life
and later applies for a job in trans
world company
attempting to meet eaton there thanks to
his findings in anti-gravity research
he gets the job successfully on his
first day to work
adam makes his first friend with the
colleague bob who's from the upper world
and very kind to offer help to adam
later the company manager appraises adam
for his talents in the anti-gravity
substance
and as an exception and for the research
purpose only
allows him to get access to the inverse
matter which can overcome the gravity
but the manager also warns him that the
inverse matter is strictly forbidden to
take elsewhere
otherwise he would face severe
punishment
meanwhile his friend becomes upset about
his taking use of the research findings
to get a job in trans world company
adam however explains that this is the
only chance for him to meet even in that
company
and he'll never forget what the company
has done to him and his family in the
past
knowing that his friend forgives adam
and decides to help adam in the
following research
sometime later during his research he
hides some packs of the inverse matter
in the storeroom
attempting to use it someday to get into
the upper world where he can meet
the next day after leaving a message to
eden in the name of bob
adam takes the inverse matter with him
and enters the upper world secretly
where he gets so excited to meet eden
who however
due to the memory loss caused by the
accident ten years ago
is unable to recognize adam but instead
she believes that he's just one of those
hormone hookers who just aim for the
fast hormone game with random girls
adam tries to recall her of his real
identity but to no success
without better choice adam shows his new
findings trying to find a common topic
with her
which turns out to be a success as eden
turns to raise her interest in him
but right then adam finds that his vest
burns due to its long contact with the
inverse matter
adam has to rush us to the bathroom for
some excuse
trying to cool down the substance with
water but he's later astonished to find
that he pees upwards
due to the gravity from his own planet
which unfortunately activates the alarm
system
causing him to race back to the down
world
adam ends up getting badly burned on his
body
his friend warns him of the danger while
taking care of his injuries
the next day right before the closing
time for the day
the company declares a redundancy plan
and the friend bob is one of them who
get fired
before his leaving bob gives adam his id
card and some personal stuff
which would allow adam to enter the
upper world and continue his dating with
eden
later after work adam makes a phone call
to eden in bob's name
and has a nice conversation with her
they then plan to have dinner together
later that evening
while taking the inverse substance
inside adam leads the company with bob's
id card
and enters the upper world for the first
time where he sees the magnificent lives
of those rich people
that are entirely different from the
down world
he soon reaches the restaurant and meets
eden they enjoy a happy talk together
and share many common topics however due
to the extended contact with the inverse
substance again
his trousers and shoes begin to burn
causing him to part with eden earlier
than expected
adam rushes out and later plunges into a
nearby river
trying to cool himself down with the
cold water
after throwing the inverse substance
packs in the water he is suddenly
dragged back to the down world by
gravity
not long after that adam makes a
significant breakthrough in his research
and shows his newly developed
anti-wrinkle cream on old lady
which turns to be effective and cheers
to company management
but right at that moment eden shows up
in the demonstration room
and finds the guy she dated with is not
bob but an unknown man to her from the
down world
eden feels like she's been cheated by
this stranger and leaves in anger
adam goes after her in a hurry but later
only finds that bob's id card has been
deactivated
he manages to get through the gate which
is however noticed by the security guard
adam has to run away to avoid the
capture causing him to lose eden during
the hunt and run
after getting rid of the chasing police
he escapes to bob's
and asks for his help knowing his
situation
bob helps adam develop a vest containing
the new anti-gravity substance
which would never catch fire again adam
also shows bob his discovery of mixed
liquids from both
worlds that can be used to resist both
gravity fields
meanwhile because the anti-crease
compound remains
unknown to the company it fails to
manufacture the product without adam
so the manager orders his men to take
adam back as soon as possible
later in a restaurant adam meets eden
and is surprised to know that eden has
recovered her lost memories
they could not help but kiss
passionately in public which is however
interrupted timely by the coming
security frustrated by that
adam has to run away immediately he
finally manages to make his way to the
saint mountain top
where he meets the horny eden again and
subsequently plays a hormone left float
game
which ends too fast to be disrupted by
the chasing security
in order to get rid of the security adam
drops the inverse substance
causing him to be dragged back violently
to the down world
but luckily he lands safely on the pine
trees
later while wandering alone along the
street he is taken by the trans world
company
and forced to tell them the compound
secret of the anti-wrinkle crease
he's left in the down world in despair
for he can't meet eden anymore
without any inverse substance however
as bob continues the research on adam's
new finding
he makes a breakthrough finally and then
pays a secret visit to adam in the down
world
he shows adam the new effective way to
overcome gravity
by mixing waters from both worlds with
the pink pollen
eden feels very excited by that for he's
able to meet eden soon
to his surprise eden finds him later in
the down world
and tells him she's pregnant with his
baby resulting in her ability to stay
free in both
two worlds many years later
the two worlds have become prosperous as
people in these separate worlds are no
longer forbidden to contact each other
but instead they're encouraged to share
their prosperity within the two planet
system
[Music]
this is daniel cc movie channel peace
out